In this lecture I will show you how to expect for exceptions in your J-Unit test cases the expected
attribute on the test annotation is no longer supported.
So you can get rid of that delete those brackets as well.
Do the same for the second method here which is testing for the exception not to assert for an exception.
We will do assertions Dot  assert throws
So assert throws
takes Tthe expected exception as the first parameter and an executable as a second parameter lets starts with
the exception a illegal argument exception dot class.
The second parameter is an executable.
The easiest way to do that is use a closure or a lambda expression.
Open and close bracket arrow symbol open and close a flower bracket that will close the lambda close
the bracket for the assert throws.
And inside this you can define any code you want to invoke that will throw an exception.
So here we can simply throw a illegal argument exception but that is not what we want.
invoke this greeting dot great cut  it paste it inside the lambda expression.
So when this is invoked with null that will through a illegal argument exception you can copy this
line scroll down and paste it here.
Replace this line in the method which passes in a blank instead of null.
Then double quotes pass a blank value.
That's it.
So now you have resolved all the errors in your test and we're all set to run.
Running a test needs a couple more steps.
I'll show you that in the next lecture.